* is blind
/obj/item/melee/vampirearms/knife/gangrel/lasombra
All of the Salubri in the world are in San Francisco.
Also try Minecraft!!
Are you trujah, then?
As a Garou, it's tremendously important to slaughter anyone who drops so much as a bottlecap in the woods.
Ask about the free arsenic!
Blowing up the oil rig with a dirty bomb will certainly help Gaia recover.
Call in the burgermen.
Deer will freeze when they see a vehicle. This includes scooters.
Diablerize your Sire NOW!!!
Do not feed your Ghoul after midnight~.
Do you have any bloodpacks? I got a headache.
Do you think a Nexus Crawler would improve the feng shui of this landfill?
Do you think there are any Garou in the Teen Wolf fandom?
Does anyone else think what Tremere did was really screwed up?
Dogs know how to skateboard.
Don’t listen to the stop signs.
Elkabo, elkabo, pixy queen where all is green.
Everyone thinks the game was made by yankees anyway.
Explain it to me like I'm a dog.
First priority more mechanics for people to enjoy. Last priority refactoring if it isn't lagging.
Fixed on Darkpack.
Gaia saved next week!
I AM THE SWORD OF CAINE!!!
I WANT A BLACK AND MILD!!!!!!!
I run on blood! I take jobs from American vampires!
It doesn't need to expand. Only to go deeper.
It's 2009, get over it.
Just level appearance.
Kinfolk are just ghouls for dogs.
Little known fact, you can actually take Corvid Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Feline Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Kyubi Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Latrani Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Lupus Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Lots of people spread nasty rumors about the Tzimisce turning people into chairs. The reality is that they prefer loveseats. More surface area for the skin, you see.
Lupus-born Garou typically can't read and typically don't have a legal identity. This means it's really easy to write a hit piece in the newspaper about them without fear of legal retribution.
Maggots love you. Trust me.
Maybe the real Beckoning is the Kindred we met along the way.
My Wyrm could beat up your Wyrm.
Ravens and crows will chase shiny objects around. Make sure to start corvid turf wars.
Reminder: Emissions caused by Corporate Wolves factories are good and cool, but emissions from Endron factories are disgusting and evil.
Sire: God
So-called “Kindred” will insist that garlic, holy water, and crosses are ineffective against them. They are lying. Do not listen to them.
The Black Furies breeding pits do not exist. Do not attempt to breach the Bawn to find it.
The Camarilla doesn’t want you to know this but the ghouls at the Tower are free. You can take them home. I have 458 ghouls.
The Delirium is a genetic, supernatural fear of Garou and other breeds that remind you of Jacob from Twilight.
The Malkavian hivemind allows you to send any message, except images. Don't forget what they took from you.
The get_step() spaceship cannot hurt you.
The get_step() ziggurat cannot hurt you.
The mannequins no longer get a little quirky at night.
There are many different types of werewolf fetishes. Stop it.
There are two wolves inside you. They are both in nullspace.
There are two wolves..... and two birds.... inside of you. All four are in nullspace...
There's a Nosferatu standing behind you watching you roleplay.
There's nothing stopping you from just putting a chew toy in the mouth of a vampire. What are they going to do, bite you?
This is Ennoia, by the way. I have an eagle head right now.
This truly is a world of darkness.
Trujah in the future have studied your ass for centuries - and sent me back in time to kick it!
What if heartsblood tastes like a fruit gusher?
What the hell is Bardo?
What the hell is Ogham?
What the hell is Sanguinus?
When in doubt, just put vampire in the typepath.
You can throw a stick to distract an aggressive Garou.
You cannot buy a blender at the dollar store.
You're thinking about fangs right now.
You've turned your back on Fenris, the Get of Fenris, and even Gaia! For your TREACHERY, the only penalty... is DEATH. Who's next?
